Adding Migration documentation to Node.js Setup (#16563)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/nodejs.md

    npm install dd-trace@latest-node12
    ```
    For more information on our distribution tags and Node.js runtime version support, see the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.

>     Use this [migration guide][5] to assess any breaking changes if you upgraded your library from 0.x/1.x to 2.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are upgrading from a previous major version of the library (0.x, 1.x, or 2.x) to another major version (2.x or 3.x), read the [Migration Guide][5] to assess any breaking changes.
```
